SME Edit Requests (#34811)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sdpolicy-account-management.adoc

[id="compute_{context}"]

> == Compute

Reviewer: Let's leave as is. We can address consistency in a follow up PR

Single availability zone clusters require a minimum of 2 worker nodes for Customer Cloud Subscription (CCS) clusters deployed to a single availability zone. A minimum of 4 worker nodes is required for standard clusters. These 4 worker nodes are included in the base subscription.

Multiple availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 worker nodes for Customer Cloud Subscription (CCS) clusters, 1 deployed to each of 3 availability zones. A minimum of 9 worker nodes are required for standard clusters. These 9 worker nodes are included in the base subscription, and additional nodes must be purchased in multiples of 3 to maintain proper node distribution.

> Worker nodes must all be the same type and size within a single {product-title} cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All {product-title} clusters support a maximum of 180 worker nodes.
```
The restriction no longer applies, and this updated text reflects an update made _today_ to the Service Definition page

Reviewer 2: Resolved

Reviewer 2: Resolved

[NOTE]
====
The default machine pool node type and size cannot be changed after the cluster has been created.
====

> Control and infrastructure nodes are also provided by Red Hat. There are at least 3 control planenodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. Control and infrastructure nodes are strictly for Red Hat workloads to operate the service, and customer workloads are not permitted to be deployed on these nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control plane and infrastructure nodes are also provided by Red Hat. There are at least 3 control plane nodes that handle etcd and API-related workloads. There are at least 2 infrastructure nodes that handle metrics, routing, the web console, and other workloads. Control plane and infrastructure nodes are strictly for Red Hat workloads to operate the service, and customer workloads are not permitted to be deployed on these nodes.
```

Reviewer 2: Good catches, thanks! Resolved.

Reviewer 2: Resolved

* M5.xlarge (4 vCPU, 16 GiB)
* M5.2xlarge (8 vCPU, 32 GiB)
* M5.4xlarge (16 vCPU, 64 GiB)
* M5.8xlarge (32 vCPU, 128 GiB)
* M5.12xlarge (48 vCPU, 192 GiB)
* M5.16xlarge (64 vCPU, 256 GiB)
* M5.24xlarge (96 vCPU, 384 GiB)

.Memory-optimized

* R5.xlarge (4 vCPU, 32 GiB)
* R5.2xlarge (8 vCPU, 64 GiB)
* R5.4xlarge (16 vCPU, 128 GiB)
* R5.8xlarge (32 vCPU, 256 GiB)
* R5.12xlarge (48 vCPU, 384 GiB)
* R5.16xlarge (64 vCPU, 512 GiB)
* R5.24xlarge (96 vCPU, 768 GiB)

> .Compute-optimized

Reviewer: Compute-optimized is an AWS term: https://aws.amazon.com/ec2/instance-types/#Compute_Optimized

> .Compute-optimized

Reviewer 2: Gotcha, thanks!
